Candyman the urban legend is if you say
its name five times by looking in the
mirror he appears in the reflection and
it kills you who would do that Candyman
Candyman Candyman well we're still alive
let's go Trina you broke the door
I feel really connected to this
neighborhood cabrini-green it was the
projects that just moved in around the
corner they all candy tracks I'm an
artist you look up the Candyman he's the
monster it's part of this neighborhood
why are you drawn to this I'm hoping to
spread the story all about Candyman the
mirror invites you to summon him you
should say his name I dare you
Candyman Candyman Candyman Candyman
don't say - candy me
[Music]
I think it made a mistake
I'll quarterback Candyman isn't real
something's happening to me
[Music]
he had a purpose for you to be another
one is terrible stories
Larvik do
[Music]